# Camellia - A wallpaper/styles app/dashboard designed for Bliss OS

"Considered by many to hold the title of the rarest flower in the world"

Source : https://leafyplace.com/rare-flowers/

1 : Provide previews for the users homescreen and lockscreen wallpapers, wallpaper meta info, suggested palettes that may be used. 

2 : Determine the current light/dark mode of the system and present wallpapers based on the systems current theme. 

3 : Present a several categories of wallpapers presented to the user and maintained by a moderator. Wallpapers are loaded ota and can be changed, updated, removed, rotated at any time. 

4 : Present a way to preview Wallpapers as a full screen effect or emulate a launcher homescreen. Demo icon sets against a wallpaper preview. Browse generated palettes for possible Material You usages. 

5 : Create an activity that allows cropping and slight modifications (special effects) to the selected wallpaper. This activity also to be accessed outside of the main activity for Launchers to tap into for wallpaper cropping from a custom source. 

6 : Create a list to present all installed wallpaper apps and icon packs which may have wallpapers included (if available) 

7 : Create a list to present all available live wallpaper apps (if available) 

8 : Create a dynamic list to allow users to create their own curated categories of wallpapers from supported json and rss sources. This list would also come with personal options like pin lock and preview blurring for NSFW content. This would essentially create an ever lasting amount of content managed by the user and we just provide a dashboard to maintain that content) 

9 : Allow backup/reset/download options for wallpapers

10 : (Maybe) Create a section to download community created packages for devs who don't have access to the playstore or app markets and doing free lance work for bliss. (Approved and Inspected apps that provide wallpapers, icons, live wallpapers) 

11 : Create a section to preview and download notification sounds

12 : When loading wallpapers, store colors generated by the bitmap to allow complex data to search/compare with

